PT-164691690 Release notes (#2590)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/next-lima/PT-164691690-channel-mutual-close.md

- The [```channel_close_mutual```](https://github.com/aeternity/protocol/blob/master/channels/ON-CHAIN.md#channel_close_mutual) 

> transaction can now be performed while the channel is not active (The channel is being closed unilaterally and a dispute may or may not be ongoing), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
transaction can now be performed while the channel is not active on-chain (The channel solo closing sequence had been initiated and the channel is not yet closed), 
```

this is a consensus breaking change available after the Lima fork.
- The state channel FSM after the Lima fork accepts a shutdown message while the channel is being closed unilaterally.

> - If one of the peers refuses signing the closing transaction while the channel is not active then the request may timeout without killing the FSM.

Reviewer 2: So this is available already before the Lima fork?

If so, strictly speaking this should have gone in `docs/release-notes/next/PT-164691690-....md `. (So the items in `docs/release-notes/next` can be aggregated in the release notes of 4.1.0, and the ones in `docs/release-notes/next-lima` will be aggregated in the release notes of 5.0.0 - I should have been more clear).
